UC01.2- Reset Password
=======================

**Scope:** "SkynetGym" Gym management Software  
**Level:** Subfunction  
**Primary Actor:** User (Manager or Trainer)  
**Stakeholders and Interests:**  

- Manager: Wants to reset their password if they forget it.
- Trainer: Wants to reset their password if they forget it.

**Preconditions:**

- UC00 (Initialize System) for manager login.
- UC02 (Create Trainer) for trainer login.

**Success Guarantee:** User resets their password and their account is updated with the new password.  
**Main Success Scenario:**

1. User selects to reset password on the login page
2. System displays a digital form with fields including:  First name, Last name, Drivers license number, username and new password.
3. User fills out digital form fields with their information and a new password.
4. User submits form.
5. System validates that all required fields are populated.
6. System validates that all fields (except new password) correspond to one known user.
7. System saves new password for this user account.
8. System notifies user that their password has been updated.
9. System returns to login page.

**Extensions:**

5a. Required fields are empty.

1. System notifies user what required fields must be completed.

6a. One user account matching all entered information does not exist.

1. System notifies user that information entered is invalid

**Special Requirements:**

- Login page has a button to select reset password.

**Technology and Data Variations List:** None

**Frequency of Occurrence:** Daily